Fixes #32025 - allow changing root Component props (#8368)
theforeman/foreman: webpack/stories/docs/adding-new-components.stories.mdx

**Example:**

```erb
<div id="my-cool-power-status">
  <%= react_component('PowerStatus', id: host.id, url: power_host_path(host.id), errorText: 'N/A') %>
</div>
```

will render the following HTML:

```html
<div id="my-cool-power-status">
  <foreman-react-component
    name="PowerStatus"
    data-props="<%= {
      id: host.id,
      url: power_host_path(host.id),
      errorText: 'N/A',
    }.to_json %>"
  ></foreman-react-component>
</div>
```

(Note that the React component is rendered as a [web component](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components).)

### Changing the props from legacy JS

We allow changing the root component props from the legacy JS.

> Be aware, that this will re-render the component, so should be used with care!

Reviewer: This feature should only be used for limited use cases:

1. A legacy JS library/component needs to talk to a React component, AND
2. The component is simple enough that it wouldn't otherwise make sense to store its data in the Redux store.

I think it would be good to call that out here, and say it's not recommended to use this otherwise.

> We will use the method `props` that our custom element expose and get the current props.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will use the method `props` that our web component exposes and get the current props.
```
please ignore me if this is not correct :)

Then we will change this props and use `props=` setter that will trigger the rerender.

```js
var myCoolPowerElement = document.getElementById("demo");

> var newProps = myCoolPowerElement.props;

Author: Should be on the webcomponent tag.

newProps.errorText = 'MyNewErrorText';
myCoolPowerElement.props = newProps;

```

> Note that you can also directly set directly the data `element.dataset.props = JSON.stringify({new: 'prop'});`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can also directly set the data: `element.dataset.props = JSON.stringify({new: 'prop'});`
```

**Example:**

```erb
<div id="my-cool-power-status">
  <%= react_component('PowerStatus', id: host.id, url: power_host_path(host.id), errorText: 'N/A') %>
</div>
```

will render the following HTML:

```html
<div id="my-cool-power-status">
  <foreman-react-component
    name="PowerStatus"
    data-props="<%= {
      id: host.id,
      url: power_host_path(host.id),
      errorText: 'N/A',
    }.to_json %>"
  ></foreman-react-component>
</div>
```

(Note that the React component is rendered as a [web component](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components).)

### Changing the props from legacy JS

We allow changing the root component props from the legacy JS.
Be aware, that this will re-render the component.
This feature should only be used for limited use cases:

1. A legacy JS library/component needs to talk to a React component, AND
1. The component is simple enough that it wouldn't otherwise make sense to store its data in the Redux store.

We will use a method `reactProps` that our web component exposes and get the current props.

> Then we will change this props and use `props=` setter that will trigger the rerender.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then we will change this props and use `reactProps=` setter that will trigger the rerender.
```

```js
var myCoolPowerElement = document.getElementById("my-cool-power-status").getElementsByTagName('foreman-react-component')[0];
var newProps = myCoolPowerElement.reactProps;

newProps.errorText = 'MyNewErrorText';
myCoolPowerElement.reactProps = newProps;

```

*Note* that you can also directly set the data: `element.dataset.props = JSON.stringify({new: 'prop'});`
or even the attribute: `element.setAttribute('data-props', JSON.stringify({new: 'prop'}));`

> Both of these needs json string as an new value to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both of these need a JSON string as a new value to work.
```
